# 📦 TopAneu-26 Baselines, Submission Templates and Evaluation
Thank you to the Grand Challenge Team for providing the basis of this repository!

## Content

This repository contains templates to help you set up your submissions for the
[TopAneu-26 challenge](https://topaneu-26.grand-challenge.org/).


It contains the following:
* ️🦾 A template for _task 1_ to base your submissions on
* ️🦾 A template for _task 2_ to base your submissions on
* ️📊 A baseline for _task 1_ **WIP**
* ️📊 A baseline for _task 2_ **WIP**
* 🧮 The _evaluation methods_ used to evaluate yout submissions and to generate performance
  metrics for ranking **WIP**

Please note that this is a supplementary pack to the [documentation](https://grand-challenge.org/documentation/).

## Templates

Each template contains two scritps:
 - _main.py_: Contains a set of helper functions and handles data I/O and serves images to inference functions as **Numpy Arrays**
 - _inference.py_: Contains the actual inference code for you to manipulate

**NOTE** This is just a template, any container that mimics these inputs and outputs would work, however we recommend sticking to this template and only integrating your code in the _inference.py_ scripts, as _main.py_ contains many helper functions provided by GrandChallenge, that work to serve data to your implementations.

Place the requirements of your algorithms in the respective _requirements.txt_ files.
To integrate your models, you could install them as packages and import them into the _inference.py_ script and load weights or decision tree configurations from _./models/_.
Or you can put your code directly into the image, in this case remember to include your custom files in the _Dockerfile_.

The templates also come with some bash scripts to check if your container works as GrandChallenge would run them.
  - *do_build.sh*: Builds the container under the name:tag _topaneu-26-task[1/2]:latest_.
  - *do_save.sh*: Exports the container image under the name *topaneu-26-task[1/2]_YYYY-MM-DD_hh-mm-ss.tar.gz* such that you can upload it to GC.
  - *do_test_run.sh*: Builds and runs the container as GC would. **NOTE** This script is aimed at running in an environment where GPU is available. If you're in a ressource constrained environment remove ```--gpus all``` from the run command in line 90.

To use the scripts navigate to the respective template directory:
```bash
cd templates/task[1/2]
```
Then to run the scripts do:
```bash
bash [do_build/do_save/do_test_run].sh
```
## Data
WIP

## Now What?
To ensure a smooth start and avoid unnecessary frustration, it helps to first establish a
successful baseline before making any significant changes to the provided examples.

### Step 1: Run the Test Scripts
Begin by using the provided test scripts to verify that the example templates work locally for both
the example algorithm and example evaluation method.

### Step 2: Develop your method
Develop your method and integrate it into the templates.

### Step 3: Save and Upload the Algorithm
After successfully running the local test script, save the algorithm image: using the save script. On the platform: [create an Algorithm](https://grand-challenge.org/documentation/create-an-algorithm-page/#creating-an-algorithm-for-a-challenge) and upload the algorithm image.

### Step 4: Submit the Example Algorithm
[Submit your algorithm image](https://grand-challenge.org/documentation/automated-evaluation/) to the challenge.

By following the steps above you will gain a solid understanding of the submission and evaluation process. This approach makes it much easier to identify and resolve any issues if something goes wrong later.

## Miscellaneous

You can find which ressources are available for your container at runtime [here](https://grand-challenge.org/documentation/runtime-environment/)

---
Generated by [Grand Challenge](https://grand-challenge.org/), modified by the TopAneu team. (2f10252)
